DRAFT: redo ICP (#12802)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/why-does-posthog-exist.md

## A few words

> On the surface, PostHog's products are a bunch of different developer tools, which work together better than anyone else's. However, the secret to our success is our long term plan: become the essential toolkit for product engineers by building around the unit they operate on - all the context they need to ship products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the surface, PostHog's products are a bunch of different developer tools, which work together better than anyone else's. However, the secret to our success is our long term plan. We're really good at getting in first with developers, that means we're upstream of every product they'll ever use. By eventually shipping every product they'll ever use in one place, we can automate the product workflow - combining all the context needed to decide what to build, shipping, generating more context and so on. In short, we call this product autonomy.
```

## Our strategy

### 1. Be the source of truth for all product context

Building a successful product is hard; doing so when you don't understand your customers is even harder. It's wild that no one has already provided a complete record of everything engineers need to ship products. This has happened because the entire industry has focused on integration instead of consolidation.

> Traditionally, as companies scale, their data warehouse becomes the source of truth, and non-warehouse native tools (like product analytics) become less relevant as engineers lose trust in the data they collect, simply because they are misused and divorced from the source of truth. Every company winds up with a huge mess of data spaghetti, with their business logic still spread across dozens or hundreds of tools.

Reviewer 2: We de-emphasized the importance of this in our chat, but I still think it's a really important point, so I'm glad you left it in. I think we should still aim for this.

We can then get our AI to work across all of them together, whilst making every individual tool cheaper than the rest of the market - since we provide so many we can charge less. This means engineers get better tools at a fraction of the cost of piecing together solutions from multiple vendors.

### 3. Get in first

Since developers exist first in a startup, by getting in with them early, we are naturally upstream of every other tool they might have considered using. Although anyone can pick up our products (and lots of mature companies certainly do), this means we can best deliver developer infrastructure to early stage companies, and so should focus there by default.

_Once_ we land a customer, we then let them pull _us_ upmarket as they grow. But not before. We don't want to hire a big enterprise sales team and go upmarket before our existing customers are there. This keeps us efficient and able to stay focused on building tools that engineers actually want to use.

## Secret master plan

> * Ship every tool that engineering teams need to ship products. We call this developer infrastructure. It's the tools and all the context they need together.

Reviewer: you also use 'engineering toolkit' too, but infrastructure is more accurate (tools + data)
